starter-code/README.md, before:

# 1-ES6-practice

## Feature Tasks

Follow these instructions carefully and in order.

1. Open the HTML file in the browser to ensure that it works.
2. Turn all `var` variable declarations into `let`.
3. After you do, there will be one error. Find that line in the code, delete that line and respond to the adjacent TODO item.
4. Return to the browser to ensure that the code works again.
5. **Save the code, and do a Git "add" and "commit".**
6. Now, in the code, convert all `let` variable declarations into `const`.
7. Bugs will erupt everywhere. Debug by using the error messages in the browser console, turning `const` declarations back into `let` where necessary. Expect there to be some back-and-forth between your code editor and your browser.
8. When you think you have things working, clear local storage and reload the page to ensure that the code still works when starting from a totally clean state.
9. **Save the code, and do a Git "add" and "commit".**
10. Now find all concatenations in the code and convert them into template literal notation.
11. Reload the browser to ensure that the code works as expected.
12. **Save the code, and do a Git "add" and "commit".**
13. Answer the following questions:

---

##### Investigate how `let` and `const` are now used in the code. Where did you need to convert `const` into `let` to make the code work? Can you identify any patterns/similarities?

(Put your answer here)

---

##### How did it go with making the adaptation from concatenations to template literal notation? Do you think you'll mostly use template literal notation from now on?

(Put your answer here)

Commit message:

readme updated with comments, finished

starter-code/README.md, after:

# 1-ES6-practice

## Feature Tasks

Follow these instructions carefully and in order.

1. Open the HTML file in the browser to ensure that it works.
2. Turn all `var` variable declarations into `let`.
3. After you do, there will be one error. Find that line in the code, delete that line and respond to the adjacent TODO item.
4. Return to the browser to ensure that the code works again.
5. **Save the code, and do a Git "add" and "commit".**
6. Now, in the code, convert all `let` variable declarations into `const`.
7. Bugs will erupt everywhere. Debug by using the error messages in the browser console, turning `const` declarations back into `let` where necessary. Expect there to be some back-and-forth between your code editor and your browser.
8. When you think you have things working, clear local storage and reload the page to ensure that the code still works when starting from a totally clean state.
9. **Save the code, and do a Git "add" and "commit".**
10. Now find all concatenations in the code and convert them into template literal notation.
11. Reload the browser to ensure that the code works as expected.
12. **Save the code, and do a Git "add" and "commit".**
13. Answer the following questions:

---

##### Investigate how `let` and `const` are now used in the code. Where did you need to convert `const` into `let` to make the code work? Can you identify any patterns/similarities?

Let and const act as variable declarations. Const is more complex than let and must be declared globally or locally but not both because it is block scoped. The let declaration can be used locally after being declared globally.
After changing all lets to const I had to replace the locally declared const with let with in functions and for loops.

---

##### How did it go with making the adaptation from concatenations to template literal notation? Do you think you'll mostly use template literal notation from now on?

The template literal notation makes sense but I am more familiar with the concatenation and logic of adding(+) string with function information. Just need more practice.
